hello i'm elise i'm chief of
cooked
today I show you how
realizes a saucière I presented the
ingredients that are not exhaustive
a little if you are a little peppers
white onions red onions a small
round an asparagus a tomato of the fines
herbs at your leisure basilica suitable
when you have on hand
and do not forget him the book associated with
several uses you want
use for poultry to make
a BBQ fish must
not working very well so I started
by six the all the ingredients to these
dumplings before good knife to have
gentlemen if you're well
chiseled like these then basilica
I am very very hungry
then or in union that I cut in half
but flat I'm doing a little
brunoise game 6 l
I mix the preparation then good
white onions
the same process i am is the finest
possible
after the tomato
I fight tomatoes in two and in cat
then I empty the inside of the tomatoes
then the same thing I do
slices of tomatoes in the other direction
then my lemon I took b the
supreme lemon to do this
I try to have a good position
I turn around the world lemon I have
all the other white part that
create bitterness
then with my knife I take the
lemon ferments like this then I
girlfriends lemonized me the same size as
all the other ingredients because the
visual for this social is very
important I mix then we sprinkled
so I'm going as well as the tip
as we sprayed it very cool
then with my school off game but
well flat like this
the same I put well
na waie this to bring a little bit of
crunchy in the sauce I add my
asparagus to my kids sauce
peppers is called different
Diving chosen color orange
I take off all the gossip and the part
white others here's the same I'm doing a
little julin any peppers that I add
my sauce and finally I put my oil
of olive generously and I do not
do not say salt and pepper
in this letter
now I show you how
make a virgin sauce
sacha who has different variants
why add cases for you
can add anchovy fillets and
a little destival which works very very
good too is adding a little bit of
chilli buy fruits such as
Fishing damman the lan frankly
it's super nice good appetite